README.md, before:

# Quartz Solar Forecast
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-11-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

The aim of the project is to build an open source PV forecast that is free and easy to use.
The forecast provides the expected generation in `kw` for 0 to 48 hours for a single PV site.

Open Climate Fix also provides a commercial PV forecast, please get in touch at quartz.support@openclimatefix.org

The current model uses GFS or ICON NWPs to predict the solar generation at a site

```python
from quartz_solar_forecast.forecast import run_forecast
from quartz_solar_forecast.pydantic_models import PVSite

# make a pv site object
site = PVSite(latitude=51.75, longitude=-1.25, capacity_kwp=1.25)

# run model, uses ICON NWP data by default
predictions_df = run_forecast(site=site, ts='2023-11-01')
```

Which gives the following prediction

![https://github.com/openclimatefix/Open-Source-Quartz-Solar-Forecast/blob/main/predictions.png?raw=true](https://github.com/openclimatefix/Open-Source-Quartz-Solar-Forecast/blob/main/predictions.png?raw=true)

## Installation

The source code is currently hosted on GitHub at: https://github.com/openclimatefix/Open-Source-Quartz-Solar-Forecast

Binary installers for the latest released version are available at the Python Package Index (PyPI)  
```bash
pip install quartz-solar-forecast
```
You might need to install the following packages first
```bash
conda install -c conda-forge pyresample
````
This can solve the [bug: ___kmpc_for_static_fini](https://github.com/openclimatefix/Open-Source-Quartz-Solar-Forecast/issues/32).

## Model

The model is a gradient boosted tree model and uses 9 NWP variables.
It is trained on 25,000 PV sites with over 5 years of PV history, which is available [here](https://huggingface.co/datasets/openclimatefix/uk_pv).
The training of this model is handled in [pv-site-prediction](https://github.com/openclimatefix/pv-site-prediction)
TODO - we need to benchmark this forecast. 

The 9 NWP variables, from Open-Meteo documentation, are mentioned above with their appropariate units. 

1. **Visibility (km)**, or vis: Distance at which objects can be clearly seen. Can affect the amount of sunlight reaching solar panels.
2. **Wind Speed at 10 meters (km/h)**, or si10 : Wind speed measured at a height of 10 meters above ground level. Important for understanding weather conditions and potential impacts on solar panels.
3. **Temperature at 2 meters (°C)**, or t : Air temperature measure at 2 meters above the ground. Can affect the efficiency of PV systems. 
4. **Precipiration (mm)**, or prate : Precipitation (rain, snow, sleet, etc.). Helps to predict cloud cover and potentiel reductions in solar irradiance. 
5. **Shortwave Radiation (W/m²)**, or dswrf: Solar radiation in the shortwave spectrum reaching the Earth's surface. Measure of the potential solar energy available for PV systems. 
6. **Direct Radiation (W/m²)** or dlwrf: Longwave (infrared) radiation emitted by the Earth back into the atmosphere. **confirm it is correct**
7. **Cloud Cover low (%)**, or lcc: Percentage of the sky covered by clouds at low altitudes. Impacts the amount of solar radiation reachign the ground, and similarly the PV system.
8. **Cloud Cover mid (%)**, or mcc : Percentage of the sky covered by clouds at mid altitudes. 
9. **Cloud Cover high (%)**, or lcc : Percentage of the sky covered by clouds at high altitude

We also use the following features
- poa_global: The plane of array irradiance, which is the amount of solar radiation that strikes a solar panel.
- poa_global_now_is_zero: A boolean variable that is true if the poa_global is zero at the current time. This is used to help the model learn that the PV generation is zero at night.
- capacity (kw): The capacity of the PV system in kw.
- The model also has a feature to check if these variables are NaNs or not.

The model also uses the following variables, which are currently all set to nan
- recent_power: The mean power over the last 30 minutes
- h_mean: The mean of the recent pv data over the last 7 days
- h_median: The median of the recent pv data over the last 7 days
- h_max: The max of the recent pv data over the last 7 days

## Running Multiple Forecasts
To run multiple forecasts and save the results, 
1. Navigate to the scripts directory
```bash
cd scripts
```
2. Run the generate_multiple_forecasts.py script with the specified pv ids as arguments
```bash
python generate_multiple_forecasts.py pv_id1 pv_id2 etc.
```

To run it from a different python file, use this code
```bash
import subprocess

pv_ids = [] # add pv_ids into list

# Define the command to run your script
command = "python scripts/generate_multiple_forecasts.py " + " ".join(
    map(str, pv_ids)
)

# Run the script
subprocess.run(command, shell=True)
```

The script will generate future forecasts for the specified pv ids and save them to 
dataset/forecasts.csv.

## Known restrictions

- The model is trained on [UK MetOffice](https://www.metoffice.gov.uk/services/data/met-office-weather-datahub) NWPs, but when running inference we use [GFS](https://www.ncei.noaa.gov/products/weather-climate-models/global-forecast) data from [Open-meteo](https://open-meteo.com/). The differences between GFS and UK MetOffice could led to some odd behaviours.
- It looks like the GFS data on Open-Meteo is only available for free for the last 3 months. 

## Evaluation

To evaluate the model we use the [UK PV](https://huggingface.co/datasets/openclimatefix/uk_pv) dataset and the [ICON NWP](https://huggingface.co/datasets/openclimatefix/dwd-icon-eu) dataset.
All the data is publicly available and the evaluation script can be run with the following command

```bash
python scripts/run_evaluation.py
```

The test dataset we used is defined in `quartz_solar_forecast/dataset/testset.csv`. 
This contains 50 PV sites, which 50 unique timestamps. The data is from 2021. 

The results of the evaluation are as follows
The MAE is 0.1906 kw across all horizons. 

| Horizons | MAE [kw]      | MAE [%] |
|----------|---------------| ------- |
| 0        | 0.202 +- 0.03 | 6.2 |
| 1        | 0.211 +- 0.03 | 6.4 |
| 2        | 0.216 +- 0.03 | 6.5 |
| 3 - 4    | 0.211 +- 0.02 |6.3 |
| 5 - 8    | 0.191 +- 0.01 | 6 |
| 9 - 16   | 0.161 +- 0.01 | 5 |
| 17 - 24  | 0.173 +- 0.01 | 5.3 |
| 24 - 48  | 0.201 +- 0.01 | 6.1 |

If we exclude nighttime, then the average MAE [%] from 0 to 36 forecast hours is 13.0%. 

Notes: 
- The MAE in % is the MAE divided by the capacity of the PV site. We acknowledge there are a number of different ways to do this. 
- It is slightly surprising that the 0-hour forecast horizon and the 24-48 hour horizon have a similar MAE.
This may be because the model is trained expecting live PV data, but currently in this project we provide no live PV data. 

## Abbreviations

- NWP: Numerical Weather Predictions
- GFS: Global Forecast System
- PV: Photovoltaic
- MAE: Mean Absolute Error
- [ICON](https://www.dwd.de/EN/ourservices/nwp_forecast_data/nwp_forecast_data.html): ICOsahedral Nonhydrostatic
- KW: Kilowatt

## Contribution

We welcome other models.

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/peterdudfield"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/34686298?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Peter Dudfield"/><br /><sub><b>Peter Dudfield</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/openclimatefix/Open-Source-Quartz-Solar-Forecast/commits?author=peterdudfield" title="Code">💻</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/zakwatts"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/47150349?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Megawattz"/><br /><sub><b>Megawattz</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#ideas-zakwatts" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="#talk-zakwatts" title="Talks">📢</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/EdFage"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/87755165?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="EdFage"/><br /><sub><b>EdFage</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/openclimatefix/Open-Source-Quartz-Solar-Forecast/commits?author=EdFage" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="https://github.com/openclimatefix/Open-Source-Quartz-Solar-Forecast/commits?author=EdFage" title="Code">💻</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/chloepilonv"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/136987461?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Chloe Pilon Vaillancourt"/><br /><sub><b>Chloe Pilon Vaillancourt</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/openclimatefix/Open-Source-Quartz-Solar-Forecast/commits?author=chloepilonv" title="Documentation">📖</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="http://racheltipton.dev"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/86949265?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="rachel tipton"/><br /><sub><b>rachel tipton</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#talk-rachel-labri-tipton" title="Talks">📢</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/armenbod"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/84937223?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="armenbod"/><br /><sub><b>armenbod</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#content-armenbod" title="Content">🖋</a> <a href="https://github.com/openclimatefix/Open-Source-Quartz-Solar-Forecast/commits?author=armenbod" title="Code">💻</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/shreyasudaya"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/94735680?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Shreyas Udaya"/><br /><sub><b>Shreyas Udaya</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/openclimatefix/Open-Source-Quartz-Solar-Forecast/commits?author=shreyasudaya" title="Documentation">📖</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="http://github.com/aryanbhosale"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/36108149?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Aryan Bhosale"/><br /><sub><b>Aryan Bhosale</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/openclimatefix/Open-Source-Quartz-Solar-Forecast/commits?author=aryanbhosale" title="Documentation">📖</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/0xFrama"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/30957828?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Francesco"/><br /><sub><b>Francesco</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/openclimatefix/Open-Source-Quartz-Solar-Forecast/commits?author=0xFrama" title="Code">💻</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/roshnaeem"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/47316899?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Rosheen Naeem"/><br /><sub><b>Rosheen Naeem</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/openclimatefix/Open-Source-Quartz-Solar-Forecast/commits?author=roshnaeem" title="Documentation">📖</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/bikramb98"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/24806286?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Bikram Baruah"/><br /><sub><b>Bikram Baruah</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/openclimatefix/Open-Source-Quartz-Solar-Forecast/commits?author=bikramb98" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

Commit message:

fixed generate_multiple_forecasts.py to save forecasts for all sites

README.md, after:

# Quartz Solar Forecast
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-11-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

The aim of the project is to build an open source PV forecast that is free and easy to use.
The forecast provides the expected generation in `kw` for 0 to 48 hours for a single PV site.

Open Climate Fix also provides a commercial PV forecast, please get in touch at quartz.support@openclimatefix.org

The current model uses GFS or ICON NWPs to predict the solar generation at a site

```python
from quartz_solar_forecast.forecast import run_forecast
from quartz_solar_forecast.pydantic_models import PVSite

# make a pv site object
site = PVSite(latitude=51.75, longitude=-1.25, capacity_kwp=1.25)

# run model, uses ICON NWP data by default
predictions_df = run_forecast(site=site, ts='2023-11-01')
```

Which gives the following prediction

![https://github.com/openclimatefix/Open-Source-Quartz-Solar-Forecast/blob/main/predictions.png?raw=true](https://github.com/openclimatefix/Open-Source-Quartz-Solar-Forecast/blob/main/predictions.png?raw=true)

## Installation

The source code is currently hosted on GitHub at: https://github.com/openclimatefix/Open-Source-Quartz-Solar-Forecast

Binary installers for the latest released version are available at the Python Package Index (PyPI)  
```bash
pip install quartz-solar-forecast
```
You might need to install the following packages first
```bash
conda install -c conda-forge pyresample
````
This can solve the [bug: ___kmpc_for_static_fini](https://github.com/openclimatefix/Open-Source-Quartz-Solar-Forecast/issues/32).

## Model

The model is a gradient boosted tree model and uses 9 NWP variables.
It is trained on 25,000 PV sites with over 5 years of PV history, which is available [here](https://huggingface.co/datasets/openclimatefix/uk_pv).
The training of this model is handled in [pv-site-prediction](https://github.com/openclimatefix/pv-site-prediction)
TODO - we need to benchmark this forecast. 

The 9 NWP variables, from Open-Meteo documentation, are mentioned above with their appropariate units. 

1. **Visibility (km)**, or vis: Distance at which objects can be clearly seen. Can affect the amount of sunlight reaching solar panels.
2. **Wind Speed at 10 meters (km/h)**, or si10 : Wind speed measured at a height of 10 meters above ground level. Important for understanding weather conditions and potential impacts on solar panels.
3. **Temperature at 2 meters (°C)**, or t : Air temperature measure at 2 meters above the ground. Can affect the efficiency of PV systems. 
4. **Precipiration (mm)**, or prate : Precipitation (rain, snow, sleet, etc.). Helps to predict cloud cover and potentiel reductions in solar irradiance. 
5. **Shortwave Radiation (W/m²)**, or dswrf: Solar radiation in the shortwave spectrum reaching the Earth's surface. Measure of the potential solar energy available for PV systems. 
6. **Direct Radiation (W/m²)** or dlwrf: Longwave (infrared) radiation emitted by the Earth back into the atmosphere. **confirm it is correct**
7. **Cloud Cover low (%)**, or lcc: Percentage of the sky covered by clouds at low altitudes. Impacts the amount of solar radiation reachign the ground, and similarly the PV system.
8. **Cloud Cover mid (%)**, or mcc : Percentage of the sky covered by clouds at mid altitudes. 
9. **Cloud Cover high (%)**, or lcc : Percentage of the sky covered by clouds at high altitude

We also use the following features
- poa_global: The plane of array irradiance, which is the amount of solar radiation that strikes a solar panel.
- poa_global_now_is_zero: A boolean variable that is true if the poa_global is zero at the current time. This is used to help the model learn that the PV generation is zero at night.
- capacity (kw): The capacity of the PV system in kw.
- The model also has a feature to check if these variables are NaNs or not.

The model also uses the following variables, which are currently all set to nan
- recent_power: The mean power over the last 30 minutes
- h_mean: The mean of the recent pv data over the last 7 days
- h_median: The median of the recent pv data over the last 7 days
- h_max: The max of the recent pv data over the last 7 days

## Running Multiple Forecasts
To run multiple forecasts and save the results, 
1. Navigate to the scripts directory
```bash
cd scripts
```
2. Add new sites to the "sites" dictionary on line 60. 

3. Run 
```bash
python generate_multiple_forecasts.py
```

4. For each site, a new csv will be saved to the "dataset" folder. The csv will be titled forecast_[pv_id].csv.

## Known restrictions

- The model is trained on [UK MetOffice](https://www.metoffice.gov.uk/services/data/met-office-weather-datahub) NWPs, but when running inference we use [GFS](https://www.ncei.noaa.gov/products/weather-climate-models/global-forecast) data from [Open-meteo](https://open-meteo.com/). The differences between GFS and UK MetOffice could led to some odd behaviours.
- It looks like the GFS data on Open-Meteo is only available for free for the last 3 months. 

## Evaluation

To evaluate the model we use the [UK PV](https://huggingface.co/datasets/openclimatefix/uk_pv) dataset and the [ICON NWP](https://huggingface.co/datasets/openclimatefix/dwd-icon-eu) dataset.
All the data is publicly available and the evaluation script can be run with the following command

```bash
python scripts/run_evaluation.py
```

The test dataset we used is defined in `quartz_solar_forecast/dataset/testset.csv`. 
This contains 50 PV sites, which 50 unique timestamps. The data is from 2021. 

The results of the evaluation are as follows
The MAE is 0.1906 kw across all horizons. 

| Horizons | MAE [kw]      | MAE [%] |
|----------|---------------| ------- |
| 0        | 0.202 +- 0.03 | 6.2 |
| 1        | 0.211 +- 0.03 | 6.4 |
| 2        | 0.216 +- 0.03 | 6.5 |
| 3 - 4    | 0.211 +- 0.02 |6.3 |
| 5 - 8    | 0.191 +- 0.01 | 6 |
| 9 - 16   | 0.161 +- 0.01 | 5 |
| 17 - 24  | 0.173 +- 0.01 | 5.3 |
| 24 - 48  | 0.201 +- 0.01 | 6.1 |

If we exclude nighttime, then the average MAE [%] from 0 to 36 forecast hours is 13.0%. 

Notes: 
- The MAE in % is the MAE divided by the capacity of the PV site. We acknowledge there are a number of different ways to do this. 
- It is slightly surprising that the 0-hour forecast horizon and the 24-48 hour horizon have a similar MAE.
This may be because the model is trained expecting live PV data, but currently in this project we provide no live PV data. 

## Abbreviations

- NWP: Numerical Weather Predictions
- GFS: Global Forecast System
- PV: Photovoltaic
- MAE: Mean Absolute Error
- [ICON](https://www.dwd.de/EN/ourservices/nwp_forecast_data/nwp_forecast_data.html): ICOsahedral Nonhydrostatic
- KW: Kilowatt

## Contribution

We welcome other models.

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/peterdudfield"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/34686298?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Peter Dudfield"/><br /><sub><b>Peter Dudfield</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/openclimatefix/Open-Source-Quartz-Solar-Forecast/commits?author=peterdudfield" title="Code">💻</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/zakwatts"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/47150349?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Megawattz"/><br /><sub><b>Megawattz</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#ideas-zakwatts" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="#talk-zakwatts" title="Talks">📢</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/EdFage"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/87755165?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="EdFage"/><br /><sub><b>EdFage</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/openclimatefix/Open-Source-Quartz-Solar-Forecast/commits?author=EdFage" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="https://github.com/openclimatefix/Open-Source-Quartz-Solar-Forecast/commits?author=EdFage" title="Code">💻</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/chloepilonv"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/136987461?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Chloe Pilon Vaillancourt"/><br /><sub><b>Chloe Pilon Vaillancourt</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/openclimatefix/Open-Source-Quartz-Solar-Forecast/commits?author=chloepilonv" title="Documentation">📖</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="http://racheltipton.dev"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/86949265?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="rachel tipton"/><br /><sub><b>rachel tipton</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#talk-rachel-labri-tipton" title="Talks">📢</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/armenbod"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/84937223?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="armenbod"/><br /><sub><b>armenbod</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#content-armenbod" title="Content">🖋</a> <a href="https://github.com/openclimatefix/Open-Source-Quartz-Solar-Forecast/commits?author=armenbod" title="Code">💻</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/shreyasudaya"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/94735680?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Shreyas Udaya"/><br /><sub><b>Shreyas Udaya</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/openclimatefix/Open-Source-Quartz-Solar-Forecast/commits?author=shreyasudaya" title="Documentation">📖</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="http://github.com/aryanbhosale"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/36108149?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Aryan Bhosale"/><br /><sub><b>Aryan Bhosale</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/openclimatefix/Open-Source-Quartz-Solar-Forecast/commits?author=aryanbhosale" title="Documentation">📖</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/0xFrama"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/30957828?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Francesco"/><br /><sub><b>Francesco</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/openclimatefix/Open-Source-Quartz-Solar-Forecast/commits?author=0xFrama" title="Code">💻</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/roshnaeem"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/47316899?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Rosheen Naeem"/><br /><sub><b>Rosheen Naeem</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/openclimatefix/Open-Source-Quartz-Solar-Forecast/commits?author=roshnaeem" title="Documentation">📖</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/bikramb98"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/24806286?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Bikram Baruah"/><br /><sub><b>Bikram Baruah</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/openclimatefix/Open-Source-Quartz-Solar-Forecast/commits?author=bikramb98" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!
